FOREWORD

THANK YOU!

Thank you for purchasing this book and taking your first step to becoming a Weekend
Warrior! I’m Lee and I run the YouTube Channel, Tabletop Skirmish Games. I created
Weekend Warriors with a simple ruleset that my young son and I could play together
and it’s great to be able to share that here.

Weekend Warriors is all about having fun with your family and friends while playing out
awesome tabletop skirmish adventures together. The game rules are designed to be
quick and easy to learn and you can use any miniatures or models you like. The best
part is that you can learn the rules once and then apply them to any genre.
I’ve taken all the bits my son and I liked from different skirmish and role-playing games
and put them into a few action-packed pages designed around a rule set that can easily
be applied to any setting you can imagine. Although the rules are simple, the limits of
the game are vast. You can create deep narratives and set your skirmish battles in any
world or realm you can imagine.

Weekend Warriors is perfect for getting your children involved and playing quickly
without getting tied up in pages and pages of complex rules. But it also comes with
enough depth and flexibility that it’s a great game for grown-ups to play together too.
You can play one-off skirmishes or string together a number of them as part of a
campaign. If you play in campaign mode, you can level up your warriors and watch
them grow and improve as the missions and quests are completed.

Throughout this book, you’ll notice that the illustrations are stick figures. These simple
figures represent the idea that the Warriors you create in your games are yours; born
from your imagination with no influences affecting how you design them. That’s an
important aspect of the game that helps you take ownership of your characters and
develop your own narrative. They are also easy to draw!

Although everything you need to play is contained here, Weekend Warriors is much
more than a stand-alone book. Each month I publish new quests and missions, cards,
add ons, and features for a host of genres. These are all designed for you to use in your
games and ensure that you never run out of content. I’m on a mission to grow a
community around the game and encourage others to get involved and create their own
skirmish adventures too.

Tabletop skirmish games are my passion and I hope that passion comes
through in this book and on my YouTube channel. Tabletop skirmish
gaming is such an awesome hobby and there is no better way to create
incredible memories together with your family and your friends. Now I
can’t wait to share all those adventures with you! 