INTRODUCTION

WHAT IS WEEKEND WARRIORS?

Weekend Warriors is the ultimate tabletop skirmish game to play with your kids! It’s a
fast-paced, action-packed tabletop skirmish game that is fun to prepare and play
together. The rules are simple and quick to learn but provide enough depth to keep the
bigger kids just as immersed and entertained! Learn the rules once and then apply them
to any genre.

You can use any models to represent your warriors, from construction toys to paper
drawings to your favourite plastic or metal miniatures. Then all you need is a measuring
tape, gauge or ruler and some six-sided dice.

Play your game in any setting; sci-fi, fantasy, historical, modern or zombie-infested
apocalyptic wastelands, it's up to you! As you begin to lose interest in one theme and
want to explore another, you won’t have to learn new rules as the core rules can be used
in any genre.

A big part of the game is choosing your band of Warriors. This is where your
imagination can be let loose as you create your Warband and equip them with the gear
and skills they need to succeed in their battles.

You can play on any surface. A kitchen table or gaming table is perfect, and we
recommend a 2x3ft battlefield. Most of our battles are designed with that size in mind,
but you can also play on different sized battlefields with some easy modifications to the
set-up.

When it's time to do battle, you decide where your skirmish will take place. You can use
the skirmishes in this book and the ones published each month on my website and
Patreon community or create your own using the template included.

To help you get started, there are three fantasy quests and three sci-fi missions included
in this book. Quests are generally set in historical or fantasy settings, while Missions take
place in modern, sci-fi or post-apocalyptic settings. 

<POSTIT>
You can watch videos about the game rules, examples, battle
reports, and tips on creating your own adventures on my
YouTube Channel, where I post daily. Weekend Warriors is
heavily supported, with loads of content available there. 
</POSTIT>